Integrated Annual Report 2 0 2 5- 2 6
2 2 8
N otes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(n) 
 Terms of conversion /  redemption of issue of Class B compulsorily convertible preference shares
(i)
March 31, 2026: 1,26,12,745 (March 31, 2025:NIL) Class B compulsorily convertible preference shares (Class B CCPS) 
are issued on private placement basis bearing a face value of H100 each. The term of the Class B CCPS shall be the 
period commencing from the date of allotment and ending on earlier of the date of conversion of Class B as specified in 
Shareholders'  agreement or 20 years from the date of issuance of the Class B CCPS. The rate of dividend shall be 
0.00001%  p.a. on the face value of Class B CCPS and it shall be a fixed non-cumulative dividend.
(ii)
Voting Rights: Class B CCPS shall not carry any voting rights until conversion into equity shares.
(iii)
Conversion terms: The conversion ratio of the Class B CCPS for their conversion shall be determined in accordance with the 
provision specified in Shareholders'  agreement and shall be crystallised and frozen upon the earlier of (a) provisions specified 
in Shareholders'  agreement and (b) the expiry of 20 years from the date of issuance of the Class B CCPS.
9)
Leases
A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in 
exchange for consideration.
Group as a lessee
The Group accounts for each lease component within the contract as a lease separately from non-lease components of the contract 
and allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative standalone price of the lease 
component and the aggregate standalone price of the non-lease components.
The Group recognises right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term at the lease 
commencement date. The cost of the right-of-use asset measured at inception shall comprise of the amount of the initial 
measurement of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease 
incentives received, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and 
removing the underlying asset or restoring the underlying asset or site on which it is located. The right-of-use asset is subsequently 
measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation, accumulated impairment losses, if any and adjusted for any remeasurement 
of the lease liability. The right-of-use asset is depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date over 
the shorter of lease term or useful life of right-of-use asset. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined 
on the same basis as those of property, plant and equipment. Right-of-use assets are tested for impairment whenever there is 
any indication that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Impairment loss, if any, is recognised in the statement of 
profit and loss.
The Group measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date of 
the lease. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined. If that 
rate cannot be readily determined, the Group uses incremental borrowing rate. For leases with reasonably similar characteristics, the 
Group, on a lease-by-lease basis, may adopt either the incremental borrowing rate specific to the lease or the incremental borrowing 
rate for the portfolio as a whole. The lease payments shall include fixed payments, variable lease payments, residual value guarantees, 
exercise price of a purchase option where the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option and payments of penalties for 
terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease. The lease liability is subsequently 
Promoter name
Shares held by promoters
% Change 
during the 
year
As at March 31,  2025
As at March 31,  2024
N o.  of shares
% of total 
shares
N o.  of shares
% of total 
shares
Tata Sons Private Limited
 2,59,54,99,419
71.74%
 2,59,54,99,419
71.74%
-
Total
 2, 59, 54, 99, 419
7 1. 7 4%
 2, 59, 54, 99, 419
7 1. 7 4%
-
 
 
Disclosure of shareholding promoters as of March 31, 2025 is as follows:
