Integrated Annual Report 2 0 2 5- 2 6
2 50
N otes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
16)
Finance costs
Finance costs consist of the following:
(H crore)
Y ear ended
March 31,  2026
Y ear ended
March 31,  2025
Interest on lease liabilities
 778
 632
Interest on tax matters
9
 -
Other interest costs
 440
 164
1, 227
 7 96
17 )
Income taxes
Income tax expense comprises current tax expense and the net change in the deferred tax asset or liability during the year. Current 
and deferred taxes are recognised in statement of profit and loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in other 
comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity, respectively.
Current income taxes
The current income tax expense includes income taxes payable by the Company and its subsidiaries in India and overseas.
The Holding Company and its Indian subsidiaries have recognised income tax expenses applying the provisions under section 
115BAA of the Income-tax Act, 1961.
Current income tax payable by overseas branches of the Company is computed in accordance with the tax laws applicable in the 
jurisdiction in which the respective branch operates. The taxes paid are generally available for set off against the Indian income tax 
liability of the Company’s worldwide income.
The current income tax expense for overseas subsidiaries has been computed based on the tax laws applicable to each subsidiary in 
the respective jurisdiction in which it operates.
Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations 
are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.
Advance taxes and provisions for current income taxes are presented in the balance sheet after off-setting advance tax paid and 
income tax provision arising in the same tax jurisdiction and where the relevant tax paying unit intends to settle the asset and 
liability on a net basis.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has published the model rules for global minimum tax (Pillar 
Two model rules). As per the provisions of Pillar Two legislation, the Group' s U ltimate parent entity (U PE) has consolidated revenues 
exceeding the threshold prescribed under the OECD framework. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted, or substantively enacted, 
in certain jurisdictions where the Group operates. Based on the current assessment, the Group does not expect a material financial 
impact from the application of the Pillar Two rules on its consolidated financial statements. The evaluation of the potential exposure 
is based on the most recent country-by-country reporting, and financial statements for the constituent entities in the Group.
In accordance with Amendments to Ind AS 12, the Group has applied temporary mandatory relief from accounting for deferred tax 
that arises from implementing Pillar Two legislation.
Deferred income taxes
Deferred income tax is recognised using the balance sheet approach. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognised 
for deductible and taxable temporary differences arising between the tax base of assets and liabilities and their carrying amount, 
except when the deferred income tax arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that is not 
a business combination, affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss at the time of the transaction.
